Prepare for v2.3.4 release (#95)
bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket-core-kit: CHANGELOG.md

# v2.3.4 (2024-08-19)
## OS Changes

* Update libnvidia-container to v550.54.14 and nvidia-container-toolkit to v1.16.1 ([#88])

> ## Settings API Changes

Reviewer: Have we used this category before? The settings API is part of the OS, so I would just include it in "OS Changes".

# v2.3.4 (2024-08-19)

## Build Changes

> * sundog: strip "settings" prefix from populated settings ([#94])

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Fix a bug in `sundog` where settings would be rendered incorrectly from the "settings" prefix ([#94])
```

Reviewer: > Fix a bug in `sundog` where settings would be rendered incorrectly from the "settings" prefix

It wasn't a rendering bug. It was more that it couldn't detect that settings were populated. But a higher-level description might be better:
> Fix a bug in `sundog` that caused it to regenerate populated settings
